hmm like I hope is like a road I
sleeping yeah yeah come on little dude
check it out it's a carom on come on get
out huh yeah well with him what's up
care what you get up hey not much just
uh yeah II think I might be in the wrong
spot come on I told you you don't look
at your arm around like that don't you
get huh you like this attention yeah
yeah well nothing will get him around
here are you get my period don't you
know a local or what's up you
scaredy-cat now I thought that are you
gonna do you very low you gonna do it
wasn't what you going along come on
sweetheart all right I'm going on out
follow me I swear oh well we got you
this is just a big miss potterson I am
going home which year which you know my
I don't want any troubles could be your
last day you can you just know you got
none now let me go take all nine right
now it started it about a block and you
got about 12 second talk about awkward
silence man oh come on gentlemen just
get along when you're I forget ass I
think oh it's all like donkeys calm down
tan someone you'd like yourself homies
Oh God get up get a woman you know it's
only on a like a huge thank you
geek on top you on top Kim oh yeah thank
you get him get him get here hello don't
let a mess with the hood get him get him
get over this 30 gasps Manzo me in the
face don't stand like a new backpack
yeah yeah that's it that's it that's it
you got him you got Oh what is this
kicking fight you can get him though you
got him you got him you got all Oh curb
stomped in Gertz talking curb stomping
get him beat him know you've got him
where you wanna know you can feel you
won't ever be able to make it fifty bras
creation you're not to let your third
you have to get through it up again
you're gonna get beat up oh and so know
you're scared you you're a trick is
where he can move us to show up Dallas
dance come on reales de i'll pick your
head up but or what's up you know what
time it is now huh huh let's go around
to Round three come on bitches the
students let's do risk is what I came
for huh huh let's fight it out andele
andele I yay yay yay cerveza oh shit
homes she it's about to go down homes or
shit here we go I taught mr. Keeney
get it fucker
oh shit ese it's a Mexican standoff hey
don't go for me either give ya hear that
butter fuck Tech Ed yogi yeah yeah let's
get him let's get him yeah we're going
down to card arrows let's grab some
tacos